c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.exe.config
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.exe
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.pdb
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.xml
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittruSignAx.dll
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittruSignAx.pdb
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru_exemplo_assinar.Resources.resources
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.exe
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.xml
c:\users\sergio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.pdb
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.exe.config
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.exe
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.xml
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.pdb
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.exe
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.pdb
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.xml
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\bin\Debug\ittruSignAx.pdb
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru_exemplo_assinar.Resources.resources
C:\Users\sergio.fonseca\iniciativas\bluecrystal\vs13\ittru vb Desktop\ittru exemplo assinar\ittru exemplo assinar\obj\Debug\ittru exemplo assinar.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
